com/example/myapplication/databinding/DetailshopscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.DetailshopscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/MypageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.MypageBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/OptionBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.OptionBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/KeywordeditscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.KeywordeditscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/MycouponBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.MycouponBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LoginBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LoginBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FavshopscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FavshopscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/Signup2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.Signup2Binding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/Signup1Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.Signup1Binding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/WithdrawalshowBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.WithdrawalshowBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/Signup3Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.Signup3Binding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ConfigBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ConfigBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/KeywordallBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.KeywordallBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/NewscouponscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.NewscouponscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/databinding/NewslistscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.NewslistscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/KeywordshopscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.KeywordshopscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/KeywordlistscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.KeywordlistscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/CheckaccountBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.CheckaccountBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/NewskeywordscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.NewskeywordscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/RulescreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.RulescreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/SearchBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.SearchBinding
